Task List: 

Now start from scratch another plugin. Cleaner and such.

CHL When you write something it will happen in the game, OR Creative Mith Language

Once a upon a time there was Main character at street, called meow 
when meow was walking on street 

Once you hit play the story will happen and the game will start 

Then you assign on the engine the class that is the main character and it will spawn  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3_HkAU_rls&t=36s

Date 11 3 2023

Once upon a time there was a pawn. 

Overview/PreRequisits: 

There will be 3 main core classes that will be necessary for the game. 

Main 

· StoryElement/Element, will represent to be a class with location and rotation and other aspects. 
· StoryCharacter/Personatge, Will represent to be an element that can have movement and all. 
· ConsciousController/Controlador Consient, will b have the input

Secondary

· Plot/Trama Like a game info it will determinate the rules when is victory or not
· ArtificialController/ ControladorArtificial class that will tell what to do ( Move to etc will execute that ) 
example also assign write down the Input to choose the fuunction to call ATTACK FUNCTION = MEOW or MISCELLENOUS FUNCTION 

... more helper classes

Keywords: 

1 "Once", will begin everything.
2 a "Character" 
3 "Called" will give it a name 
4 "You are/were" Will posses by player controller 
5 "Victory/Defeat" it will display victory or defeat in game 
6 "if" "is" conditionals EX. If Meow health Is 100 Do MeowYell.
7 "can" EX. MeowYell can MeowYell That is do ray from 
8 "From" will represent a location
9 "Found" at a keyword that means to spawn nearby post words Front Rear Left Right... 
10 "Met" Basically there should be the 
11 " Moved " like " Name of animation " 

Advanced: Maybe CML would be the AI one and it would be like it generates game it has key words like +

1 "in the" //"it will make happen by the age you specify" 200 A.D. there was a character you were this character called romilius and romilius 
2 "  " 




Methodology of Usage CHL

1 When the keyword is registered it will go together will have pre words and post words 

Example 

ONCE upon a time there was a CHARACTER "named" michaelo and he was expert drawing and found and "enemy" CHARACTER "Infront" and 
 
CHL Interface

To register all the words do it make an array of Keywords with the Post Words of em and the Pre Words
then the code will get processed and it will create the story.

Execute code on play OR execute on cicking button....

Since the level also matters you want to make an option reflect on editor to make sure it runs fine








